## Module2 QUIZ


1.Question1: Which of the following scenarios may require a supervised learning model to be retrained as a new model?
Answer: The model was trained on labeled data and we now wish to correct the labels of the data.
Expplanation: Supervised learning is done on labeled data, so we can discount all the answers that mention unlabeled data. We can also discount #2 - if a model is trained on labeled data, we can just train it on more data.
If a model is trained on data that is incorrect, we need to retrain the model as if it were a new model. If you need help, review the Two Stages of ML lecture video for the correct answer.

2.Question 2: A team is preparing to develop and deploy an ML model for use on a shopping website. They have collected a little data to train the model. The team plans on gathering more data once the model is developed. Now they are ready for the next phase, training.
Which of these scenarios will most likely lead to a successful deployment of the ML model?
Answer: The team should take time to gather more data because the quality and architecture of the model are affected by the amount of data.
Explanation:The team should take time to gather more data, because with more data, it is possible to create a simpler ML model that performs better. Review the “Two stages of ML” video if you need help.

3.Question 3An online shopping company has a team of customer representatives read emails from customers. Depending upon the content of the email, the representative routes the email to the appropriate department.
The company would like to alleviate the customer representatives task by automating it. Your team has been asked to create an app to read customer emails and determine which department should handle it.
Which of these would be a good way to structure the app (chose all that apply)?
Answer: The team should use several models in the app, one for each task. If there are any pre-existing models the team should use them.
Explanation: Yes, there are times when this is the best way to structure the app.
